feat(curriculum): dice game project (#50819)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-algorithmic-thinking-by-building-a-dice-game/649f0e6e081b80023d1b4fab.md

---
id: 649f0e6e081b80023d1b4fab
title: Step 15
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

> Add a `click` event listener on the `const` named `rollDiceBtn` which basically targets the `roll-dice-btn` id element. And then pass a es6 arrow function as the second argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `click` event listener to the `rollDiceBtn` element. Pass an empty arrow function as the second argument.
```

# --hints--

> You should add a `click` event listener on the `const` named `rollDiceBtn`.

Reviewer: Should probably split into two tests - one to check for the `click` event, the second to check for the arrow function.

```js

> assert.match(code, /rollDiceBtn\.addEventListener\s*\(\s*['"]\s*click\s*['"]\s*,\s*\(\s*\)\s*=>\s*{/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /rollDiceBtn\.addEventListener\s*\(\s*('|"|`)\s*click\s*\1\s*,\s*\(\s*\)\s*=>\s*{/);
```

Use capture groups to prevent quote mismatches from passing.
